okay hello welcome to the weekly I PFS
community sprint All Hands if you
haven't added your agenda items to the
agenda please do so now you'll find the
link to the notes at the pad in the PM
repo and an issue do we have a
note-taker a moderator for next week who
wants are we having a moderate next week
I don't look at my religion great Emily
you're muted what's the note taking
requests oh I get it it's great so
Richards got a Motorhead next week and I
mean he's gonna take notes let me do we
still do roll calls timezone best rock
on ok once we have people who aren't
immediate protocol labs employees
because right now there's not really
anyone from outside the organization
okay great sounds good okay first thing
changelog generation and comment
messages Freda
what or or whoever added that to the to
the agent freedom free till you you flag
this to be on the agenda so I added it
to the agenda I get just just discussing
the change log messages conventions are
you sure that this is not the whole
message I cannot possibly writing this I
mean I talked about this but like okay
if there's nothing to discuss and we can
just skip to the next one oh okay well I
I can a little bit of Reagan
announcement in the sense of okay yes I
can also make quick announcements I'm
sorry I was not aware that it was on the
agenda so what happens is that we
started using our no new commit message
convention it is not fully enforced yet
it's more like thing oh we're trying to
use it and try it out and if you for
example look at the latest Jase I PFS
release you see in automatically
generated changelog there as an example
of how this looks like so we're starting
to use that across all the jayesslee p 2
p and j SI PFS projects and it's working
out pretty fine for now still some same
things to improve like checking this on
PRS but it's pretty cool sounds awesome
um I just realized the reason why you
don't remember proposing is because the
vide proposed it not you it was on it
was on a ticket you created but happy
propose it I so it will delete it
David's not on here to lead it his his
comment on the ticket which is the last
one on that on that ticket um asked what
do we need to do to finish this so is
there anything we can discuss on this
call about what needs to happen in order
to close out that a ticket there is not
much we need to discuss on this what
really is needed to finish this is
getting the get cop things and like
deciding if we want to use get cup
across all are we
there was some discussion around good
cop previously and how it can be seen as
a little aggressive yes we're going to
need a bot of some sort to do all that
stuff so whether it's get Trump or not
that that can be back shattered else
right but we will need something to
function as that I don't think we can
decide about right now yeah exactly so
that's the me that's the biggest thing
left to do the rest is for cleanup and I
things like an education but the biggest
thing left is bought for this and is
this a is this a thing we're wanting all
of the convention that we're wanting all
the projects to pick up one sweet like
iron develop with jsf fs1 the reason
it's less that we wanted and more than
we have to do it it's about licensing
the main thing that good cop does is
check licensing headers are correct and
that's going to be really really
important as the project grows to make
sure that all the code and across all
the repos is well it has good hiking the
problem is right now get compass a
little aggressive and not very
unpleasant so we're just discussing ways
to make you a master so that it's not a
people experience I did I actually my
question was more directed at using
changelog commit message sorry I just
needed myself using conventions about
commit message formats so that we can
automatically generate change blogs is
that something that we're looking to do
for all the projects or so so currently
we're looking to do this we're all
JavaScript based projects because we
have the tooling there and trying this
out now we try to do this everywhere the
bad thing is this one said we want we
need the licensing issues on every
project and if we have a bar to do the
licensing checking we can also you reuse
that book to commit message checking for
other things for the commit message
convention for example in JavaScript
based projects I know there was some
interest expressed from go I PFS for
doing so
something similar yeah definitely I
there is no concrete usage of this as of
yet yeah so in Gore PFS let's uh I'd
left of something that gets us at least
a prefilled skeleton of a change lock
and then I mean you're going to go over
it and added it a bit anyhow to make it
read nicer or to group things by what
kind of change they did yeah but that
would be a huge help because I've been
reading the last couple of bigger change
locks and I what I'm doing is I get a
list of all the PO requests and I go
through all of them becoming a good one
cent summary of each um yeah so that'd
be really useful I'd have eaten
everyone okay great any more about
change lock generation okay great then
let's go to the next agenda item which
is the second draft of the project
management process document this is just
an announcement I did a take a look at
the PR or the links that are there in
the agenda for a completely rearranged
manifestation of that p.m. document I
that it should be a lot more readable
and much closer to being able to be
released look at the note on the PR
because that has links to all these
tickets where we sort of teased out
things like defining roles and defining
backlog um if you think any of those
tickets remain unresolved by this pull
request please say so because otherwise
when we merge this pull request it will
close those tickets there are still some
unresolved things like defining we
haven't fully to find all the roles one
thing that occurred to me that we need
to discuss that's not really a blocker
for closing this PR or for finishing off
the PM process is that we haven't it
didn't have a definition for user or
contributor or maintainer which I was
like oh it this document reads in a
really funny way for an open source
project to not bother defining users or
maintain errs or contributors um so I
went to add them and then realize that
those are actually really important
things to define well and and so I kind
of just open the ticket and it's like
we'll deal with that later but so kind
of flagging that because it also
especially with something like
contributor it we want to make sure that
our definition of contributor lines up
with the way we're doing licensing um so
that there's no ambiguity there so I'm
flagging that as something we can deal
with it not right away but other than
that please read it through it should be
very readable and it questions or
comments about that it's mainly an
announcement
cool thank you well good thanks when I
take DEFCON 2 ah so this was this was on
so I know that Richard is working to
prepare to have a post DEFCON 2 blog
post so that's like the big redox of the
experience of being at DEFCON 2 I wanted
to float the question of since you got
his a number of you're preparing demos
and preparing presentations one let me
know if you need help preparing your
presentations and because it's best to
have your presentation done at least a
week in advance and dry running through
it with an audience but also let's look
at the possibility of turning those
presentations in two blog posts before
the for the conference so one who is
presenting at DEFCON think Richard had a
technical point I did someone deleted a
lot of my notes it may have been me does
anyone know why all of section 4 there
like five lines I wrote down there is
all gone now you should be able to undo
I couldn't I just moved those to the
jail so they're like oh okay baby okay
two points you're next no thing David
David your connection is gay really bad
and be um this should be a log of the
notes for this call so you can copy it
but I think we're moving it is probably
not good for okay thank you oh so about
that okay well Debbie by way you
probably I think want to type and then
we can probably read it nagas you really
aren't coming through super well on
DEFCON I the people are demoing are the
assembly daveed and Jeremy will probably
help in one of the other things so the
four of us will be demoing in some way
we have three talks they have different
subjects we can send the
we have a the abstracts out there and
right now we need to just define the
demos exactly so that's one of the
things to do today or tomorrow or so
actually define exactly one of the most
we were going to do I think you order
them was pretty well set I mean there's
still stuff moving but i think is
probably the one that's most concrete
the other ones are a little bit less
competed at the moment and we need to
just make those very clear so it would
be great to figure out what those time
with her exactly and make a make those
blog posts ahead of time that i think
would be easily solved all right so i'll
follow up with you one and similarly and
who was the third one who's presenting
that be okay all right I will follow up
with each of you individually see what
you need help with
grain is Nicola here I don't think so he
is here in spare a muted he had his Hugh
turned off its camera yeah I'm not sure
my other login is also still visible and
that computers definitely shut off let
me try and thing him is there any other
friends now the last point is the ipid
refining call and that's you nicola
mentioned it there we also missed the
very first note number 3 or yeah quick
note about adding things to the agenda
um oh wow yeah one of the so yeah the
agenda is still wonky because you're
missing item for um but the adding
things the agenda anyone can add things
to the agenda for these cults and if you
want something to be on the agenda just
add it to the sprint ticket order add it
directly into the etherpad I so with
that one that Freda was confused about
it um davita commented on a ticket CC me
and Richard saying we should discuss
this on the sprint and that's it's ok
because we both were paying attention
but really just just put the stuff right
on the agenda don't don't you don't need
to go through someone else to get things
on the agenda and it's true for anyone
in the community you don't have to be a
protocol labs person to put things on
this agenda or to participate in this
call anyone anyone who's working on this
code can join this call things on the
agenda participate in discussions oh yes
we have another agenda item demos who
wants to demo something I've seen a
couple of teasing screen
what's showing orbit and what's the
stream thing called is it called orbit
to rise slowly can't demo right now you
sitting pretty bad as well so you just
type that in a chopper oh I see so I
don't like fun I think also would be a
really cool demo but I its dividend
German who you demoing this and their
connection and not amazing a moment so
probably that that amor pathway a year
product is pretty people locally I maybe
I can show it quickly alright so let's
see good picture yeah the share screen
runs at the bottom of the zoom window ya
see should be able to see my screen on
yes it's working yep doing it fine yeah
alright so see I have the demon running
here see this is a 440 so or you can
listen to messages I thought we will be
nothing ever see should be able to just
publish the same topic there we go to
have some members correctly but we can
avoid
it does thanks Victor family gives a big
woohoo from the chest one I have a small
thing to show I don't think it condemns
all the actual running code but all I
can see if I can yeah go for it mmm
that's why by the way the YouTube player
stream is working amazingly avid running
in parallel muted and works nicely I
want to see if this works oh wow this
actually worked so this is a really
simple thing that I bought yesterday
it's a way to wire up a bunch of
different types of with multi adders to
this part of the multi formats effort
the basic idea is that you should be
able to introspect different addresses
and so it has a couple different notes
so think of it like an netcat that's
Howard my mo Gators in different ways so
you can set it to listen them on to
addresses and then you have other
processes that connect to that and then
just type them you can dial from both of
them to somewhere else or you can
specify to thing to dial to you then you
can forward meeting you listen and then
I all ads or something else or you can
proxy where it receives the information
one and then link dials out to something
else this is really useful is to be able
to introspect a connection between two I
PFS nodes and understand what's going on
between them to see what's missing what
kind of hackers are missing this will
also be really useful to connect and
wire up nodes that don't speak the same
transport to each other so right now
here it only shows TCP but it could show
goody UTP and so on as soon as you get
added and select the idea is to be able
to like have these like very simple pipe
notes that are
just moving one transport into something
else and justic screaming hoping three
so this should be pretty simple to use
so if you are debugging the protocol you
should be able to use this hmm sounds
good your pipe my pipe your pipe yeah
exactly well the other pipe but my wife
yeah okay anybody else want to show
something I went to church that I want
to show some thing hey Nicholas here
what's that I was like just listening a
little bit and girl Oh like for
listening I went through something which
is like something with reveal I wonder
if I can the screen that's talk
sure okay hold on can see my screen yep
okay so i was reading the captain log
for IPL be yesterday night and i said i
wonder if i can automate the writing of
the captain log oh there are some issues
that it's simple it could be automated
if you have very nice labels for your
github issues for example in IPL be in
the specs we have an issue a label which
is called need spec and and so basically
if I filter the issues by what the
issues they have been edited last week
and that needs back then i can tell to
the people what happened last week about
things on its back without me going and
check for these little issues so i wrote
a little package there you you have to
write some a bit of description of what
type of output you want to get so for
example i want to know what happened and
it's still ongoing so it's all the open
issues from last since last week in this
paper which don't have this label and
you can even fix them with a nice in
module and so for example
oh you know you can see clear okay so
for example if I want to generate the
captain lot for for this week I will
leave your demo script and it's now
getting the issues from github and it's
printing out nice and concise little
somebody or what happened in the first
week I thought there was anything nice
and hopefully it's gonna be useful for
for other other people yeah that's great
this is awesome Nicole are other
disconnect now that's super cool would
like to see it use another Reapers yeah
because since you're back I think there
was an agenda item that had your name on
it yeah this is about um self ending up
time for the IPL be meeting I I wasn't
following too much how the PM now works
so I just announced yesterday I would
like to have a meeting but apparently
the time was locked or radium friday so
I'm fine for now having the meeting
today because I unfortunately I cannot
do it straight after the meetings I can
only do one hour an hour after the pub
sub meeting which means it could be
really late for some of you so since I
want to you nine in the meeting and
possibly awake it's perfectly fine to
have this mean you can say next week
there will be more content on this week
and oh this week if someone can find
some time but I think it's easiest to go
on Monday yeah I'm gonna propose that
just have a meeting today when you can
have a meeting and if other people can
come to it I can participate that's
great otherwise you can just pump out
notes and you can we can then carry on
the next week with like the project in
on track schedule I think everyone is
super busy with Def Con things so I
don't think meeting out another day this
week is going to be easy
acid certainly I probably won't be able
to make it ok ok then f good look Nicola
I think as far as people you actually
paint on that issue the only people you
can have the meeting with today would be
Sebastian because they can make it and
one can't make it so I don't know having
a meeting by yourself would make sense
I'll try to make it so if you can if you
want to be that an hour and a half of
the pub so with Sebastian I'll see if I
can make it I'm not having such a look
at me ok so I'm gonna have a chest width
I think it's called Stephen but and then
who's that Steven yeah I'm gonna meet
with Steven and when I went out
regardless so I think we're just gonna
study mate any one can come can eight if
you want to throw that in like the time
in the spring issue that'd be cool so
Stephen one else can make it and one can
go there and look at it ok as far as the
locking down of video stuff all we're
trying to do is basically say on Friday
before hand this is what we're gonna do
for these calls that's mean can't add
calls afterwards totally happy to add
gold afterwards it's just we've been
shuffling around way too much on the day
of so we're just trying to be like let's
not do that anymore I just say on Friday
hey this is what my name is going to
look like as far as we know sweet
great vicar yeah so I just came across a
couple of days ago I remember our button
right boot gateway kind of thing another
point I made a demo that does some
really work publicly yet but as long as
you you start up the demon to be
writable here you should be able to just
post Abbott Roger Abbott Roger step out
so this will give like a post request to
the roots euro but file which means we
now have its Adam which would make super
cool demos if we would have the public
gateway to be to be ready it's just a
quick thing yeah
like half a year ago we had a discussion
about the red it will get away and it's
gone it would be really awesome to have
it and back then we had one or two
blockers but i'm not sure these tokens
are relevant anymore yet the word some
discussion lonely all the white formats
I think oh yeah the discussion about the
semantics of the gateway oh yeah yeah
yeah that's uh yeah I I feel like this
is like a temporary thing something we
have I bffs running in the browser then
we kind of doesn't matter if the
gateways is frightful out so it should
be readable because the gateway is the
main component of the upgrade path to ah
well to a proper app if s world and for
for for that alone it makes sense to
have because as soon as we have jsf EFS
running everywhere it's not like you
flip a switch and then suddenly it's
it's deployed everywhere study this huge
long transitionary period let's let's
check out what what the blockers were
and okay okay then I think the demos are
over and that was the last June that
item does anybody else have anything
more to contribute great then oh yes
Richard yeah so dignified choir and I
are trying a new thing as you may notice
with zoom and streaming so instead of
having all the videos be in 30 minutes
and then having a beach like individual
for this week I think we're just going
to do one block to make it easier if
that's ok with everyone and then you can
go online and search through the times
for the call you need dig is that right
sorry and you can leave myself so we
will have a single zoom call for all the
calls because that makes it much easier
I have to set up things for everything
call again but I will stop this stream
now after this call and enter a new name
and for the new live stream for the next
session and hopefully YouTube does the
right thing and splits up the videos but
I don't know so love this place next one
this week now mountain it's a huge home
stretch right now on the work towards a
con we have a lot of really cool things
that we're working on and we have plans
so people can just refocus on those
things and like put everything else that
kind of like it's more you know upkeep
and so on for longer term kind of like
on the on the back burner and prioritize
the things that people look like family
and Devine and Jeremy need for landing
those things are there trying to them on
that'll be awesome simply because
there's like a lot of things that we
want to show and we're making it in time
but just there are a few things there
that like people could use a lot of help
with so if we do Victor research kuba if
you guys can help out in those things
would be super super awsome
yeah thanks for bringing that to
attention um ok so i'm gonna call this
meeting trust and will convene again in
25 minutes for the go I PFS call it's
roomier I'm not sure I think about happy
with movie great quick see a fabulous
super clue all right thank you